Questions:
1) Explain what each of your classes and methods does, the order in which methods are invoked, and the flow of execution after one of the operation buttons has been clicked.
    The subtraction class deals with subtraction, multiplication deals with multiplication, and division deals with division. The operate() function in all of them deals with performing the math between the two operands. The getEquation() function deals with forming the output string for each operation. After a button is hit, the constructor for the operation class is invoked to create the class object, then the getEquation() method is called, which calls operate(). When one the operation buttons is clicked, the server first checks for a post, and if one exists, assigns $o1 and $o2 to hold the input. It then runs the if statements to determine which button was hit, and once it finds it, it creates a class object of that operation type. Once that is set, the php will call getEquation() on that object and echo it to the html, which will display the result.
2) Also explain how the application would differ if you were to use $_GET, and why this may or may not be preferable.
    The biggest difference in the code would be just replacing all of the $_POST with $_GET. The inputs would also be appended to the URL rather than being sent in the HTTP request body. $_GET is usually meant for just retrieving data and not modifying it.
3) Finally, please explain whether or not there might be another (better +/-) way to determine which button has been pressed and take the appropriate action
    As briefly answered in the PHP file, there is a better way to determine which button has been pressed and take the appropriate. You could set the name of each button to "operate" but leave the value as 4 distinct operations. Create a list that links the name of each button to the appropriate class. Create a variable in PHP to hold the value of the button clicked and then index into the list with that value to find the object that needs to be created.


Overall, this lab went really well. It was pretty much all review and the code given to start was very helpful. I didn't run into any troubles while completing the assignment.